examples/integrity/README.md, before:

# Subresource integrity hash

Use the [HTML Builder Plugin](https://github.com/webdiscus/html-bundler-webpack-plugin) for Webpack
to compile and bundle source Sass and JavaScript in HTML.

This is the example how to include the [subresource integrity hash](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) into `link` and `script` tags
using the [webpack-subresource-integrity](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack-subresource-integrity) plugin.

## View and edit in browser

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/edit/webpack-integrity-hvnfmg?file=webpack.config.js)

## How to use

```sh
git clone https://github.com/webdiscus/html-bundler-webpack-plugin.git
cd examples/integrity/
npm install
npm run build
```

Open generated `dist/index.html`. The `link` and `script` tags will contain the `integrity` attribute with a hash.

## Note

The integrity hash is generated only in `build` mode. By `watch` or `serve` mode, it will not be generated.

Commit message:

release v2.12.0
- feat: remove support for the `webpack-subresource-integrity` plugin,
  because it works not optimized and contains Webpack deprecated code
- feat: add support for `subresource integrity` independent of other plugins.
  It was implemented own very compact, optimized and fast code to generate `integrity` for `link` and `script` tags.
- feat(changed behavior): the `integrity` option defaults is now `false` (in v2.11.0 was `auto` using `webpack-subresource-integrity` plugin)
- feat: extend the `integrity` option values with the object to pass additional `hashFunctions` option
- refactor: optimize code and improve performance for html parsing
- fix: remove comments of node module imported in dynamic imported chunks
- fix: correct content hash in the output JS filename when license comment is removed

examples/integrity/README.md, after:

# Subresource integrity hash

Use the [HTML Builder Plugin](https://github.com/webdiscus/html-bundler-webpack-plugin) for Webpack
to compile and bundle source Sass and JavaScript in HTML.

This is the example how to include the [subresource integrity hash](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) into `link` and `script` tags.

## View and edit in browser

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/edit/webpack-integrity-hvnfmg?file=webpack.config.js)

## How to use

```sh
git clone https://github.com/webdiscus/html-bundler-webpack-plugin.git
cd examples/integrity/
npm install
npm run app
```

Open generated `dist/index.html`. The `link` and `script` tags will contain the `integrity` attribute with a hash.

> **Note**
>
> The integrity hash is generated when using webpack `build` in the `production` mode.
> When using webpack `watch` or `serve`, no hashes will be generated because it doesn't make sense.
